is an Aktas Nocker other than suspected no man of the big talk on the
Pack ice sticks but a cell phone if you already knew that percent reached for
the band
good for any surprise
musically rousing with records of real life
it cools
musical influences of every color abound
there is only one divergence type bus going left
St
and they could
maybe two or maybe it's for them sometimes too
Torture produced
pretty satisfied cooperative climate why
to
was cooked
These fears after a year founded youth group
the district court Siegen was the goal
Low German texts for the High German grew up the challenge
if the idea is faster than Low German
He receives then he often leaves his discreet as later
the book of the artist is said to be the most well-trained
Church musician singer and pianist
at the center of the protests
Furthermore, 7,000 kilometers per hour are reached from Ahrensburg
the stately Siegener
Fallada when I had the idea of ​​flapping pop music
but first of all people wanted to play really many concerts
and can also make friends with the Low German Manthey and then
can stand fully in the juice
and found them so quickly by now
Live together in the village in addition to district festivals or large stages
make music directly to the audience that they love
The first CD they have done anyway Sven Bender had said it
stage
to set up the plate
the two concert evenings is transient of course you have the memory
but it is as a musician is still close is his countryman I have
did not make it
Hermann Leistner
new-isenburg man and the children vaccinated there comes as a place is still one
higher
I have whoever more complaints even though the band member is there
Tomorrow in Knust
still standing art
as tenth